feat: add `commitTrailers` option (#44651)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

}
```

## `commitTrailers`

> Use this option to add [git trailers](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-interpret-trailers) to Renovate's commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this option to add [git trailers](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-interpret-trailers) to the commits Renovate creates.
```
